Maintain app translations (#5970)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/appstore/general/app-store-content.md

To update the widget in your app to a newer version, go to the Marketplace to download the right version, and [install](#install) it in your app.

##### 3.1.2.1 Maintaining Added Translations in a Widget to Update

> In the scenario where you have an app with multiple languages, import a Marketplace widget that only comes with one language, manually add translations for the additional languages you need, and you then need to update the Marketplace widget, you can maintain the additional translations by following these steps:

Reviewer: I wonder if this might be better if it was turned around so the fact the customer is updating comes first?
```suggestion
In the scenario where you have an app with multiple languages in which you need to update an imported Marketplace module that only comes with one language and where you have manually added translations for the additional languages you need, you can maintain the additional translations by following these steps:
```

If you agree, then it should also be in the other section.

Author: Thanks, committing

> 1. Maintain the translations for the widget by [exporting them to Excel](/refguide/batch-translate/#export).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Maintain the translations for the widget by [exporting them to Excel](/refguide/batch-translate/#export-import).
```

Author: I updated the anchors in the target doc on dev: https://github.com/mendix/docs/commit/2137609a300a0f450a8c2ce151b1d2deefeaed90

2. Update the widget via the steps described above.

> 3. Import the maintained translations [from Excel](/refguide/batch-translate/#export).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Import the maintained translations [from Excel](/refguide/batch-translate/#export-import).
```

Author: Need to change this to correct anchor `#import`

3. Check the **userlib** folder in your app directory for duplicate Java libraries. If your **userlib** folder contains multiple versions of the same Java library, it is usually safe to delete the old ones and keep only the new one.

##### 3.2.1.1 Maintaining Added Translations in a Module to Update

In the scenario where you have an app with multiple languages, import a Marketplace module that only comes with one language, manually add translations for the additional languages you need, and you then need to update the Marketplace module, you can maintain the additional translations by following these steps:

> 1. Maintain the translations for the module by [exporting them to Excel](/refguide/batch-translate/#export).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Maintain the translations for the module by [exporting them to Excel](/refguide/batch-translate/#export-import).
```

2. Update the module via the steps described above.

> 3. Import the maintained translations [from Excel](/refguide/batch-translate/#export).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Import the maintained translations [from Excel](/refguide/batch-translate/#export-import).
```

Author: Need to change this to correct anchor `#import`
